AAS 57 p. 369

For the perpetual memory of the matter. - Because it is fitting for ecclesiastical news
the seat of the government was covered with a firm and superior protection, of course with the best plan
To this excellent office are called the Celestials, on whom the piety of the faithful is carried at a common expense. Since last year
in certain lands separated from the Archdiocese of Cordoba, we will establish, by the Apostolic Constitution of the Axeata Cross, the sacred jurisdiction in the Argentine Republic, recognizing popularly and strongly approving the devotion to veneration that prevails there, we consider that Our Lady Mary of Mount Carmel should be chosen as the principal Patron of this diocese.

For we know her by the singular love of her disciples, she who greets the Mother with one voice of all, and who is distinguished by the beautiful appellation of Carmel.

Indeed, you will scarcely find a temple or a chapel in that region that lacks the image of the Virgin Carmelitis; but three parishes, to be counted among the primary ones, are called by his honorific name; there in the month of July, on which day the whole Church celebrates the feast, the Marian solemnities are performed, and then piety shines to the utmost; nor is it to be withheld the laudable custom of Carmel's own distinctive, or sacred, as they call it, never ceasing protection of the scapular.

This further piety, which we know to be deeply present in the hearts of the faithful, easily persuades us to establish this patronage by public decree, while we trust that it will produce abundant fruits of Christian virtue.

AAS 57 p. 378

As if it were the effect of Our mouth, to all those pious pilgrims who have flocked to it, but especially to the faithful of Latin America and the Dominican Republic, with a pious breast and with a eloquent mouth, we have encouraged and signified Our vows, which we promise and deliver in accordance with the second sentence of Our Dogmatic Constitution of the Ecumenical Council of the Vatican: May the (Blessed Virgin) make great the practices and exercises recommended by the Magisterium" (n. 67), among which we think the religious use of the Marian Rosary and the Carmelite Scapular. This very Scapular also used to adorn the strong chests of the heroes of Latin America, namely a form of piety. which "by its own simplicity, adapted to the intelligence of all, has spread as widely as possible among the faithful of Christ with the growth of salutary fruits"


In this matter, when the Christian people are taught, this must be constantly and insistently impressed upon their minds, so that, while the Mother is honored, the Son, for whose sake all things are, and in whom it pleased the eternal Father to dwell all fullness, may be rightly known, loved, glorified, and His commandments kept; It must also be carefully warned that this Deipara piety "does not consist in a sterile and transitory feeling, nor in a kind of vain credulity, but proceeds from a true faith, by which we are led to recognize the excellence of God the Parent, and are awakened to a filial love for our Mother and the imitation of her virtues." ).

To speak and encourage these things, showing great diligence and concern, as Holy Mary Deipara Virgin, Mother of the Church, Mother of grace and mercy, Mother of hope and holy joy, through which we approach Jesus and his fountains of salvation, as if by the royal road, in the sacred solemnities. those whom you will preside over in Our name, will be honored with the fullness of faith and devout obedience of mind.

Moreover, above all, you will encourage and kindle the wishes and orders, so that the fraternity of the peoples desired with Mary and through Mary may continue to be cultivated
and that all who are adorned with the Christian name, may consider themselves sons of Mary
knowing, they unite their studies and bonds of unity in the beloved Mother Church.
These things, indeed, from the bosom of thee, to thee, Our Beloved Son, most skillful
To the archbishop of St. Dominic, to the sacred Antistites, to the magistrates,
to the priests, to the faithful who came to the Marian Assembly from all
the nations come together into the city of St. Dominic, Apostolic
The blessing, the pledge of the heavenly gifts, we bestow with love;
for we also make it possible for you to give the Apostolic Benediction once there, after you have performed the sacred pontifical rite, with the annexed Plenary Indulgence, to the bystanders.

https://www.vatican.va/archive/aas/documents/AAS-57-1965-ocr.pdf

https://www.vatican.va/content/benedict-xvi/en/angelus/2012/documents/hf_ben-xvi_ang_20120715.html


205:
https://www.vatican.va/roman_curia/congregations/ccdds/documents/rc_con_ccdds_doc_20020513_vers-direttorio_en.html